todo.md, before:

~~add function: add jqueri UI instead of having it in renderVideo~~

~~Show video should pass in the name of the hashtag~~

~~main video player should be loaded and on click of preview, it auto plays the video~~

~~clear input form after submission~~

~~fix up the doubling up~~

~~make sequence play~~

~~add an event listener to the load so it plays the video only if it's fully loaded~~

~~fix name double ups/names~~

~~get rid of the video bar on play~~

~~fix the renaming in jQuery UI~~

~~add # to the front of search field~~

~~Change bouncing search to "Search Instagram for a Hashtag"~~

~~Primary button color for the play button, red~~

~~add key fram / https://daneden.me/animate/ / empty space in the search div~~

~~save sequence~~

~~The search box should be using the placeholder tag "Enter an instagram hashtag"~~

~~round input corners~~

~~show tv in front of video div~~

~~add stamped font icon on the video player~~

if nothing comes up, say try another hashtag

Save (are you sure you want to save alert box)

If you navigate away from the page without saving then it should ask you sure in an alert box?

share on FB

style!

write basic tests with capybara

Commit message:

added todo / fixing on load compilation (if exists)

todo.md, after:

~~add function: add jqueri UI instead of having it in renderVideo~~

~~Show video should pass in the name of the hashtag~~

~~main video player should be loaded and on click of preview, it auto plays the video~~

~~clear input form after submission~~

~~fix up the doubling up~~

~~make sequence play~~

~~add an event listener to the load so it plays the video only if it's fully loaded~~

~~fix name double ups/names~~

~~get rid of the video bar on play~~

~~fix the renaming in jQuery UI~~

~~add # to the front of search field~~

~~Change bouncing search to "Search Instagram for a Hashtag"~~

~~Primary button color for the play button, red~~

~~add key fram / https://daneden.me/animate/ / empty space in the search div~~

~~save sequence~~

~~The search box should be using the placeholder tag "Enter an instagram hashtag"~~

~~round input corners~~

~~show tv in front of video div~~

~~add stamped font icon on the video player~~

on load if compilation exists add the control bar addControlBar() and remove placeholder $('#tv-placeholder').remove();

if nothing comes up, say try another hashtag

Save (are you sure you want to save alert box)

If you navigate away from the page without saving then it should ask you sure in an alert box?

share on FB

style!

write basic tests with capybara
